“The intelligence of that creature known as a crowd is the square root of the number of people in it.” – Terry Pratchett
“Time is a drug. Too much of it kills you.” – Terry Pratchett
“It’s not worth doing something unless someone, somewhere, would much rather you weren’t doing it.” – Terry Pratchett
“The trouble with having an open mind, of course, is that people will insist on coming along and trying to put things in it.” – Terry Pratchett
“It’s not what the world holds for you, it’s what you bring to it.” – Terry Pratchett
“Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent.” – Isaac Asimov
“The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom.” – Isaac Asimov
“The easiest way to solve a problem is to deny it exists.” – Isaac Asimov
“If the stars should appear one night in a thousand years, how would men believe and adore, and preserve for many generations the remembrance of the city of God?” – Isaac Asimov
“And AC said, ‘LET THERE BE LIGHT!’ And there was light.” – Isaac Asimov
“We are all fools in the end.” – Ray Bradbury
“You don’t have to burn books to destroy a culture. Just get people to stop reading them.” – Ray Bradbury
“Stuff your eyes with wonder, live as if you’d drop dead in ten seconds. See the world. It’s more fantastic than any dream made or paid for in factories.” – Ray Bradbury
“We need not to be let alone. We need to be really bothered once in a while. How long is it since you were really bothered? About something important, about something real?” – Ray Bradbury
“The good writers touch life often. The mediocre ones run a quick hand over her. The bad ones rape her and leave her for the flies.” – Ray Bradbury
“The universe is full of magical things patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper.” – Terry Pratchett
“In the beginning there was nothing, which exploded.” – Terry Pratchett
“It is often said that before you die your life passes before your eyes. It is in fact true. It’s called living.” – Terry Pratchett
“The whole of life is just like watching a film. Only it’s as though you always get in ten minutes after the big picture has started.” – Terry Pratchett
“The presence of those seeking the truth is infinitely to be preferred to the presence of those who think they’ve found it.” – Terry Pratchett
“The only way to deal with an unfree world is to become so absolutely free that your very existence is an act of rebellion.” – Ray Bradbury
“There must be something in books, something we can’t imagine, to make a woman stay in a burning house; there must be something there. You don’t stay for nothing.” – Ray Bradbury
“We cannot tell the precise moment when friendship is formed. As in filling a vessel drop by drop, there is at last a drop which makes it run over; so in a series of kindnesses there is at last one which makes the heart run over.” – Isaac Asimov
“Self-education is, I firmly believe, the only kind of education there is.” – Isaac Asimov
“The true delight is in the finding out rather than in the knowing.” – Isaac Asimov
“Life is pleasant. Death is peaceful. It’s the transition that’s troublesome.” – Isaac Asimov
“The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not ‘Eureka!’ but ‘That’s funny…’” – Isaac Asimov
“You must write every single day of your life… You must lurk in libraries and climb the stacks like ladders to sniff books like perfumes and wear books like hats upon your crazy heads.” – Ray Bradbury
“Don’t think. Thinking is the enemy of creativity. It’s self-conscious, and anything self-conscious is lousy. You can’t try to do things. You simply must do things.” – Ray Bradbury
“We are cups, constantly and quietly being filled. The trick is, knowing how to tip ourselves over and let the beautiful stuff out.” – Ray Bradbury
“You fail only if you stop writing.” – Ray Bradbury
“The best scientist is open to experience and begins with romance—the idea that anything is possible.” – Ray Bradbury
“It is said that your life flashes before your eyes just before you die. That is true, it’s called Life.” – Terry Pratchett
“The pen is mightier than the sword if the sword is very short, and the pen is very sharp.” – Terry Pratchett
“Give a man a fire and he's warm for a day, but set fire to him and he's warm for the rest of his life.” – Terry Pratchett
“Five exclamation marks, the sure sign of an insane mind.” – Terry Pratchett
“It’s not worth doing something unless someone, somewhere, would much rather you weren’t doing it.” – Terry Pratchett
“The trouble with having an open mind, of course, is that people will insist on coming along and trying to put things in it.” – Terry Pratchett
“In the beginning there was nothing, which exploded.” – Terry Pratchett
“The presence of those seeking the truth is infinitely to be preferred to the presence of those who think they’ve found it.” – Terry Pratchett
“The whole of life is just like watching a film. Only it’s as though you always get in ten minutes after the big picture has started.” – Terry Pratchett
“It is often said that before you die your life passes before your eyes. It is in fact true. It’s called living.” – Terry Pratchett
“The universe is full of magical things patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper.” – Terry Pratchett
“Light thinks it travels faster than anything but it is wrong. No matter how fast light travels, it finds the darkness has always got there first, and is waiting for it.” – Terry Pratchett
“If cats looked like frogs we’d realize what nasty, cruel little bastards they are. Style. That’s what people remember.” – Terry Pratchett
“The truth may be out there, but the lies are inside your head.” – Terry Pratchett
“It’s not a good idea to put your friends in your books; they recognize themselves and don’t speak to you for years.” – Terry Pratchett
“The only reason for walking into the jaws of Death is so’s you can steal his gold teeth.” – Terry Pratchett
“Sometimes it’s better to light a flamethrower than curse the darkness.” – Terry Pratchett
“The gods of the Disc have never bothered much about judging the souls of the dead, and so people only go to hell if that’s where they believe, in their deepest heart, that they deserve to go.” – Terry Pratchett
“The reward for toil had been more toil. If you dug the best ditches, they gave you a bigger shovel.” – Terry Pratchett
“The thing about witchcraft is that it’s not like science at all. Science is about control. Witchcraft is about… well, witchcraft is about what witchcraft is about.” – Terry Pratchett
“The world is full of magic things, patiently waiting for our senses to grow sharper.” – Terry Pratchett
“It’s not the knowing that’s the hard part, it’s the doing.” – Terry Pratchett
“The only thing known to go faster than ordinary light is monarchy, according to the philosopher Ly Tin Wheedle.” – Terry Pratchett
“The trouble with being a god is that you’ve got no one to pray to.” – Terry Pratchett
“The truth is that even big collections of ordinary books distort space, as can readily be proved by anyone who has been around a really old-fashioned secondhand bookshop.” – Terry Pratchett
“The world is your lobster.” – Terry Pratchett
“The Patrician took a sip of his beer. ‘I’m told that the wise man is the one who knows he knows nothing.’ ‘Yes, but I’m not sure that’s the same as knowing you’re a fool.’” – Terry Pratchett
“The multiverse is full of idiots who don’t understand what’s really going on, and they all work for us.” – Terry Pratchett
“The important thing about having lots of things to remember is that you’ve got to go somewhere afterward where you can remember them, you see?” – Terry Pratchett
“The only thing that can stop the bad guy with the sword is the good guy with the sword.” – Terry Pratchett
“The world is a globe too small for a man to hide on.” – Terry Pratchett
“The world is full of people who will help you manufacture tornados in order to blow out a match.” – Terry Pratchett
“The world is a vampire, sent to drain.” – Terry Pratchett
“The world is a very interesting place, and everyone’s entitled to an opinion about it.” – Terry Pratchett
“The world is a funny old place, and you’ve got to laugh, haven’t you?” – Terry Pratchett
“Self-education is, I firmly believe, the only kind of education there is.” – Isaac Asimov
“The true delight is in the finding out rather than in the knowing.” – Isaac Asimov
“Life is pleasant. Death is peaceful. It’s the transition that’s troublesome.” – Isaac Asimov
“The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not ‘Eureka!’ but ‘That’s funny…’” – Isaac Asimov
“Never let your sense of morals prevent you from doing what is right.” – Isaac Asimov
“The only way to discover the limits of the possible is to go beyond them into the impossible.” – Isaac Asimov
“Theories are not so much wrong as incomplete.” – Isaac Asimov
“The end of the world is not in the hands of fools, but in the hands of those who think they are wise.” – Isaac Asimov
“A subtle thought that is in error may yet give rise to fruitful inquiry that can establish truths of great value.” – Isaac Asimov
“The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not ‘Eureka!’ but ‘That’s funny…’” – Isaac Asimov
“The true measure of a man is not his intelligence or how high he rises in this freak establishment. No, the true measure of a man is this: how quickly can he respond to the needs of others and how much of himself he can give.” – Isaac Asimov
“The only constant is change, continuing change, inevitable change.” – Isaac Asimov
“The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not ‘Eureka!’ but ‘That’s funny…’” – Isaac Asimov
“Give a man a fire and he's warm for a day, but set fire to him and he's warm for the rest of his life.” - Terry Pratchett
“Some humans would do anything to see if it was possible to do it. If you put a large switch in some cave somewhere, with a sign on it saying 'End-of-the-World Switch. PLEASE DO NOT TOUCH', the paint wouldn't even have time to dry.” - Terry Pratchett
“Stories of imagination tend to upset those without one.” - Terry Pratchett
"God does not play dice with the universe; He plays an ineffable game of His own devising, which might be compared, from the perspective of any of the other players [i.e. everybody], to being involved in an obscure and complex variant of poker in a pitch-dark room, with blank cards, for infinite stakes, with a Dealer who won't tell you the rules, and who smiles all the time." - Terry Pratchett
"There is a rumour going around that I have found God. I think this is unlikely because I have enough difficulty finding my keys, and there is empirical evidence that they exist." - Terry Pratchett
"It's still magic even if you know how it's done." - Terry Pratchett
"Most gods throw dice, but Fate plays chess, and you don't find out til too late that he's been playing with two queens all along." - Terry Pratchett
"This isn't life in the fast lane, it's life in the oncoming traffic.” - Terry Pratchett
"The three rules of the Librarians of Time and Space are: 1) Silence; 2) Books must be returned no later than the last date shown; and 3) Do not interfere with the nature of causality." - Terry Pratchett
"Sometimes glass glitters more than diamonds because it has more to prove.” - Terry Pratchett
"Most books on witchcraft will tell you that witches work naked. This is because most books on witchcraft are written by men." - Terry Pratchett
"We need not to be let alone. We need to be really bothered once in a while. How long is it since you were really bothered? About something important, about something real?" - Ray Bradbury
"There is more than one way to burn a book. And the world is full of people running about with lit matches." - Ray Bradbury
"A good night sleep, or a ten minute bawl, or a pint of chocolate ice cream, or all three together, is good medicine." - Ray Bradbury
"That's the great secret of creativity. You treat ideas like cats: you make them follow you." - Ray Bradbury
"Digression is the soul of wit. Take the philosophic asides away from Dante, Milton or Hamlet's father's ghost and what stays is dry bones." - Ray Bradbury
"I have never listened to anyone who criticized my taste in space travel, sideshows or gorillas. When this occurs, I pack up my dinosaurs and leave the room." - Ray Bradbury
"If you hide your ignorance, no one will hit you and you'll never learn." - Ray Bradbury
"People who think they know everything are a great annoyance to those of us who do." - Isaac Asimov
"THERE IS AS YET INSUFFICIENT DATA FOR A MEANINGFUL ANSWER." - Isaac Asimov